Add a small section about Google Cloud Key Management and signing. (#1593)
mendersoftware/mender-docs: 06.Artifact-creation/07.Sign-and-verify/docs.md

- [Yocto Project - Building for production - Artifact signing and verification keys](../../05.System-updates-Yocto-Project/06.Build-for-production/docs.md#artifact-signing-and-verification-keys).

- [Debian family - Customize Mender](../../04.System-updates-Debian-family/03.Customize-Mender/docs.md)

## Cloud Key Management

> It is possible to sign Artifacts using keys in Cloud Key Management. Currently the mender-artifact tool supports Google Cloud Key Management. For more information see the [Google Cloud Key Management web pages](https://cloud.google.com/security-key-management?target=_blank), and the help screen of mender-artifact, available by running the command `mender-artifact sign --help`.

Reviewer: I like the clarification use in the [commit](https://github.com/mendersoftware/mender-artifact/pull/371/commits/1ad629620ee6b960d0726d593605d02006705cbd). Here is a suggestion:

 ```suggestion
It is possible to sign Artifacts using keys in Cloud Key Management, allowing developers to sign Mender Artifacts without ever accessing the private signing key. Currently the `mender-artifact` tool supports [Google Cloud Key Management](https://cloud.google.com/security-key-management?target=_blank), for more info check the help for the `gcp-kms-key`, available by running the command `mender-artifact sign --help`.
```

Author: Good idea, I will add that!
